README.md, before:

# FinFET Circuit Design and Characterization
This GitHub repository documents the 10-day workshop on [FinFET Circuit Design and Characterization using ASAP7 PDK](https://www.vlsisystemdesign.com/7nm) offered by VSD Corp. Pvt. Ltd. attended from 27 Aug - 05 Sept, 2025.
<br/>

**Table of Contents**

 | Module # | Topic(s) Covered | Status |
 |---|---|---|
 |[**Mod. 1**]() | **Scaling Beyond CMOS: FinFET Devices and Innovations** <br> <ol> <li>[Path To Zetta Scale Computing]()</li> <li>[Introduction To FinFETs]()</li> <li>[FEOL Innovations]()</li> <li>[BEOL Innovations]()</li> </ol> | ![](https://progress-bar.xyz/50/?title=InProgress) <br> **Documentation Pending** |
 |[**Mod. 2**]() | **Lab-to-Simulation: 7nm FinFET Inverter Performance Analysis** <br> <ol> <li>[First NFET Characteristics Using 7nm PDKs]()</li> <li>[First Inverter Characteristics Using 7nm FinFETs]()</li><li>[Module 2 Assignment - 7nm Inverter Characterization]()</li> </ol> | ![](https://progress-bar.xyz/50/?title=InProgress) <br> **Documentation Pending** |
 |[**Mod. 3**]() | **Design of a BandGap Reference Circuit** <br> <ol> <li>[Theory: Design of a BGR Circuit]()</li> <li>[Module 3 Assignent - Bandgap Reference Design and Simulation using Xschem]()</li> </ol> | ![](https://progress-bar.xyz/50/?title=InProgress) <br> **Documentation Pending** |

**NOTE: Theory part of the workshop needs to be updated in the documentation**
## 1 - Scaling Beyond CMOS: FinFET Devices and Innovations
### 1.1 - Path To Zetta Scale Computing
#### 1.1.1 - CMOS Evolution And Next-Gen Candidates
### 1.2 - Introduction To FinFETs
### 1.3 FEOL Innovations
#### 1.3.1 - CMOS Technology Inflection Points
#### 1.3.2 - Standard Cell Area Scaling And Variability
#### 1.3.3 - Parasitics Resistance And Capacitance
#### 1.3.4 - Device Scaling And Electrical Characteristics
#### 1.3.5 - 3D-Structures
### 1.4 - BEOL Innovations
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________  

## 2 - Lab-to-Simulation: 7nm FinFET Inverter Performance Analysis
### 2.1 - NFET Characteristics Using 7nm PDKs

### 2.2 - Inverter Characteristics Using 7nm FinFETs
Click on the image below to view graphs from the characterization data.
[![asap7_CMOS_Inverter_char](/docs/images/Asgnmt_cmos_inverter_char_plots.png)](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arunkpv/vsd_asap7_workshop/refs/heads/main/docs/html/cmos_inv_plot.html)

### 2.3 - Module 2 Assignment - 7nm Inverter Characterization
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________  

## 3 - Design of a BandGap Reference Circuit
### 3.1 - Theory: Design of a BGR Circuit
### 3.2 - Module 3 Assignent - Bandgap Reference Design and Simulation using Xschem
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________  

## Acknowledgements
 - Kunal Ghosh (VSD Corp. Pvt. Ltd.)
 - Soundarya Madhuri Royyuru (https://github.com/RSMadhuri66/Bandgap-Reference-Circuit-with-SCMB-with-ASAP-7nm-PDK-)

Commit message:

Upload CMOS Inverter Char Table

README.md, after:

# FinFET Circuit Design and Characterization
This GitHub repository documents the 10-day workshop on [FinFET Circuit Design and Characterization using ASAP7 PDK](https://www.vlsisystemdesign.com/7nm) offered by VSD Corp. Pvt. Ltd. attended from 27 Aug - 05 Sept, 2025.
<br/>

**Table of Contents**

 | Module # | Topic(s) Covered | Status |
 |---|---|---|
 |[**Mod. 1**]() | **Scaling Beyond CMOS: FinFET Devices and Innovations** <br> <ol> <li>[Path To Zetta Scale Computing]()</li> <li>[Introduction To FinFETs]()</li> <li>[FEOL Innovations]()</li> <li>[BEOL Innovations]()</li> </ol> | ![](https://progress-bar.xyz/50/?title=InProgress) <br> **Documentation Pending** |
 |[**Mod. 2**]() | **Lab-to-Simulation: 7nm FinFET Inverter Performance Analysis** <br> <ol> <li>[First NFET Characteristics Using 7nm PDKs]()</li> <li>[First Inverter Characteristics Using 7nm FinFETs]()</li><li>[Module 2 Assignment - 7nm Inverter Characterization]()</li> </ol> | ![](https://progress-bar.xyz/50/?title=InProgress) <br> **Documentation Pending** |
 |[**Mod. 3**]() | **Design of a BandGap Reference Circuit** <br> <ol> <li>[Theory: Design of a BGR Circuit]()</li> <li>[Module 3 Assignent - Bandgap Reference Design and Simulation using Xschem]()</li> </ol> | ![](https://progress-bar.xyz/50/?title=InProgress) <br> **Documentation Pending** |

**NOTE: Theory part of the workshop needs to be updated in the documentation**
## 1 - Scaling Beyond CMOS: FinFET Devices and Innovations
### 1.1 - Path To Zetta Scale Computing
#### 1.1.1 - CMOS Evolution And Next-Gen Candidates
### 1.2 - Introduction To FinFETs
### 1.3 FEOL Innovations
#### 1.3.1 - CMOS Technology Inflection Points
#### 1.3.2 - Standard Cell Area Scaling And Variability
#### 1.3.3 - Parasitics Resistance And Capacitance
#### 1.3.4 - Device Scaling And Electrical Characteristics
#### 1.3.5 - 3D-Structures
### 1.4 - BEOL Innovations
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________  

## 2 - Lab-to-Simulation: 7nm FinFET Inverter Performance Analysis

### 2.1 - NFET Characteristics Using 7nm PDKs

### 2.2 - Module 2 Assignment - 7nm Inverter Characterization

#### 2.2.1 - Xschem schematic and SPICE directives for simulation

#### 2.2.2 - 

#### 2.2.3 - CMOS Inverter Characterization for different Wp, Wn (Lp = Ln = 7nm)
  - ![Characterization Table (PDF)](./docs/pdf/Module2_Assignment_CMOSInverterChar.pdf)
  - Click on the image below to view graphs from the characterization data.
  |[![asap7_CMOS_Inverter_char](/docs/images/Asgnmt_cmos_inverter_char_plots.png)](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arunkpv/vsd_asap7_workshop/refs/heads/main/docs/html/cmos_inv_plot.html)|
  |:---:|


_________________________________________________________________________________________________________  

## 3 - Design of a BandGap Reference Circuit
### 3.1 - Theory: Design of a BGR Circuit
### 3.2 - Module 3 Assignent - Bandgap Reference Design and Simulation using Xschem
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________  

## Acknowledgements
 - Kunal Ghosh (VSD Corp. Pvt. Ltd.)
 - Soundarya Madhuri Royyuru (https://github.com/RSMadhuri66/Bandgap-Reference-Circuit-with-SCMB-with-ASAP-7nm-PDK-)
